in this peaceful town
on these quiet streets something
terrifying something horrifying is
coming excuse me we're closed
what the hell was a wild animal this is
really awful
maybe the worst thing I've ever seen
well was it wild animals so what do you
thinking I'm thinking zombies
what you know the undead ghouls gorgeous
oh my are you in this together
flesh-eating zombies don't joke it's
really really creepy
oh oh man this isn't gonna end well they
gravitate towards things they did when
they were alive called pee did she just
say Chardonnay yeah she did
[Music]
welcome to my world on these I've been
telling you this is all gonna end badly
well that's unfortunate I'm quite
confident of my ability to defend myself
against the undead I can see that
excuse me those are some pretty good
cuts you played some minor league ball
didn't you well a little class a he was
a long time ago
[Music]